ROSS KISSED ME.
NO!
OH, MY GOD, OH, MY GOD,
OH, MY GOD!
IT WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
OH, MY GOD, OH, MY GOD,
OH, MY GOD!
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
WE WANT TO HEAR EVERYTHING.
MONICA, GET THE WINE
AND UNPLUG THE PHONE.
RACHEL, DOES
THIS END WELL
OR DO WE NEED TO GET TISSUES?
OH, IT ENDED VERY WELL.
OH...
DO NOT START WITHOUT ME.
DO NOT START WITHOUT ME!
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
LET'S HEAR ABOUT THE KISS.
WAS IT LIKE A SOFT BRUSH
AGAINST YOUR LIPS
OR WAS IT LIKE A...
"I GOT TO HAVE YOU NOW" THING?
WELL, AT FIRST,
IT WAS REALLY INTENSE, YOU KNOW
AND THEN... OH, GOD.
AND THEN WE JUST
SORT OF SUNK INTO IT.
SO, WAS HE HOLDING YOU
OR WAS HIS HANDS,
LIKE, ON YOUR BACK?
NO, ACTUALLY, FIRST
THEY STARTED ON MY WAIST
AND THEN, THEY SLID UP,
AND THEN, THEY WERE IN MY HAIR.
OH.
AND, UH...
AND THEN I KISSED HER.
TONGUE?
YEAH.
COOL.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
ALL RIGHT, CHECK OUT
THIS BAD BOY.
12 MEGABYTES OF RAM.
500 MEGABYTE HARD DRIVE.
BUILT-IN SPREADSHEET
CAPABILITIES
AND A MODEM THAT TRANSMITS
AT OVER 28,000 B.P.S.
WOW. WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO USE IT FOR?
GAMES AND STUFF.
THERE ARE NO JOBS.
THERE ARE NO JOBS FOR ME.
WAIT, HERE'S ONE.
UH... WOULD YOU BE WILLING
TO COOK NAKED?
THERE'S AN AD
FOR A NAKED CHEF?
NO, BUT IF YOU'RE WILLING
TO COOK NAKED
THEN YOU MIGHT BE WILLING
TO DANCE NAKED
AND THEN...
HI.
HEY. OH, SO, UH...
HOW'D YOU MAKE OUT LAST NIGHT?
THAT-THAT IS FUNNY.
THAT IS PAINFULLY FUNNY.
NO, WAIT. WAIT.
YEAH, THAT'S JUST PAINFUL.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I THOUGHT LAST
NIGHT WAS GREAT.
YEAH, IT WAS, BUT...
I GET HOME, OKAY?
AND I SEE JULIE'S
SALINE SOLUTION
ON MY NIGHT TABLE
AND I'M THINKING TO MYSELF
"OH, MY GOD, WHAT THE HELL
AM I DOING?"
HERE I AM, I'M WITH JULIE,
THIS INCREDIBLE, GREAT WOMAN
WHO I CARE ABOUT
AND WHO CARES ABOUT ME
AND I'M, LIKE, WHAT, AM I JUST
GOING TO THROW ALL THAT AWAY?
YOU GOT ALL THAT
FROM SALINE SOLUTION?
WAIT A MINUTE.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
RACHEL, YOU AND RACHEL.
BELIEVE ME, I'VE BEEN DREAMING
ABOUT ME AND RACHEL
FOR, LIKE, TEN YEARS NOW,
BUT NOW, I'M WITH JULIE
SO IT'S LIKE, ME AND JULIE,
ME AND RACHEL, ME AND JULIE.
ME AND RACH...
RACHEL, RACHEL.
HEY, YOU.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD. HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD. GOOD.
HI, HONEY.
HI, JULIE. HI... JULIE. JULIE.
UM... HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD.
SO EVERYBODY'S HERE.
EVERYBODY'S GOOD.
SO, WERE YOU GOING
TO PLAY SOMETHING, PHOEBE?
OH. WELL, ACTUALLY...
PLAY IT.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY JULIE,
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU WORE LENSES.
WHAT?
SHH.
Phoebe:
OKAY, UM... HI.
HELLO. HI. OKAY.
SO, UM...
THIS IS A SONG, UM...
ABOUT A LOVE TRIANGLE
BETWEEN THREE PEOPLE
THAT I MADE UP.
UM... IT'S CALLED "TWO
OF THEM KISSED LAST NIGHT."
♪ THERE WAS A GIRL ♪
♪ WE'LL CALL HER BETTY ♪
♪ AND A GUY,
LET'S CALL HIM NEAL ♪
♪ NOW... ♪
♪ I CAN'T STRESS THIS POINT
TOO STRONGLY ♪
♪ THIS STORY ISN'T REAL... ♪
♪ AND NOW OUR NEAL
MUST DECIDE ♪
♪ WHO WILL BE THE GIRL
THAT HE CASTS ASIDE ♪
♪ WILL BETTY BE THE ONE
WHO HE LOVES TRULY ♪
♪ OR WILL IT BE THE ONE
WHO WE'LL CALL... LOOLIE? ♪
♪ HE MUST DECIDE ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH I MADE HIM UP ♪
♪ HE MUST DECIDE... ♪
WELL, THIS IS A NICE RESUME.
NICE, NICE, NICE.
MUY IMPRESSIVO.
SO, MR. RASTATTER, WHAT EXACTLY
DOES THIS JOB ENTAIL?
THE AD WASN'T TOO CLEAR.
MOCKOLATE.
I'M SORRY?
IT'S A COMPLETELY SYNTHETIC
CHOCOLATE SUBSTITUTE.
OOH.
YEAH?
WELL, GO AHEAD.
TRY A PIECE.
YEAH, WE THINK MOCKOLATE
IS EVEN BETTER THAN CHOCOLATE.
ALL RIGHT.
MMM-MMM.
YEAH?
I LOVE HOW IT CRUMBLES.
NOW SEE, CHOCOLATE
DOESN'T DO THAT.
NO, MA'AM.
WELL, ANYHOO, WE SHOULD BE
GETTING OUR F.D.A. APPROVAL
ANY DAY NOW.
HOPEFULLY,
IN TIME FOR THANKSGIVING.
SEE, THE WAY WE LOOK AT IT,
CHOCOLATE ALREADY DOMINATES
MOST OF YOUR MAJOR
FOOD PREPARATION HOLIDAYS--
EASTER, CHRISTMAS,
WHAT HAVE YOU.
MM-HMM.
BUT... WE'RE THINKING,
GIVEN THE RIGHT MARKETING
WE CAN MAKE THANKSGIVING
THE MOCKOLATE HOLIDAY.
WOW.
AREN'T YOU GOING
TO SWALLOW THAT?
JUST WAITING FOR IT
TO STOP BUBBLING.
YEAH.
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
MM.
WELL, ANYHOO, UH... WE'RE
LOOKING FOR A COUPLE OF CHEFS
WHO CAN CREATE SOME
THANKSGIVING-THEMED RECIPES.
YOU THINK
YOU MIGHT BE INTERESTED?
ABSO...
( swallows )
...LUTELY.
( chuckling )
SEE, I LOVE
CREATING NEW RECIPES.
I LOVE THANKSGIVING,
AND, WELL, NOW...
I LOVE MOCKOLATE.
REALLY?
ESPECIALLY THAT AFTERTASTE.
THAT'LL LAST YOU TILL CHRISTMAS.
( laughing )
HOW ABOUT MOCKOLATE MOUSSE?
IT'S NOT...
IT'S NOT VERY
THANKSGIVING-Y.
OKAY. HOW ABOUT
PILGRIM MOCKOLATE MOUSSE?
WHAT MAKES IT PILGRIM?
WE'LL PUT BUCKLES ON IT.
HEY.
DID, UH... ROSS CALL?
NO, I'M SORRY.
WHY DIDN'T HE CALL?
HE'S GOING TO STAY
WITH JULIE, ISN'T HE?
HE'S GOING TO STAY WITH HER
AND SHE'S GOING TO BE ALL
"HI. I'M JULIE.
"ROSS PICKED ME
"AND WE'RE GOING TO GET MARRIED
AND HAVE LOTS OF KIDS,
AND DIG UP STUFF TOGETHER."
NO OFFENSE, BUT THAT
SOUNDS NOTHING LIKE HER.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
I'M GOING TO DO.
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
THIS IS LIKE
A COMPLETE NIGHTMARE.
OH, I KNOW, THIS
MUST BE SO HARD.
"OH, NO. TWO WOMEN LOVE ME."
"THEY'RE BOTH
GORGEOUS AND SEXY."
"MY WALLET'S TOO
SMALL FOR MY FIFTIES
AND MY DIAMOND SHOES
ARE TOO TIGHT."
HERE'S A THOUGHT, ROSS--
DON'T TOUCH THE COMPUTER.
DON'T EVER
TOUCH THE COMPUTER.
ROSS, LISTEN.
I GOT TWO WORDS FOR YOU.
THREESOME.
OKAY,
LET'S GET LOGICAL ABOUT THIS.
OKAY, WE'LL MAKE A LIST.
RACHEL AND JULIE,
PROS AND CONS. OH.
WE'LL PUT THEIR NAMES IN
BOLD WITH DIFFERENT FONTS
AND I CAN USE DIFFERENT
COLORS FOR EACH COLUMN.
CAN'T WE JUST USE A PEN?
NO, AMISH BOY.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S, UH...
LET'S START WITH THE CONS,
'CAUSE THEY'RE MORE FUN.
RACHEL FIRST.
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN... ALL RIGHT,
I GUESS YOU CAN SAY SHE'S...
SHE'S A LITTLE
SPOILED SOMETIMES.
YOU COULD SAY THAT.
I GUESS,
YOU KNOW SOMETIMES,
SHE'S A LITTLE DITZY
AND I'VE SEEN HER BE A
LITTLE TOO INTO HER LOOKS.
OH, AND LIKE, JULIE AND I,
WE HAVE A LOT IN COMMON
'CAUSE WE'RE BOTH
PALEONTOLOGISTS, RIGHT?
BUT RACHEL'S
JUST A WAITRESS.
WAITRESS.
GOT IT. YOU GUYS
WANT TO PLAY DOOM?
OR WE COULD
KEEP DOING THIS.
WHAT ELSE?
I DON'T KNOW.
OH, HER ANKLES
ARE A LITTLE CHUBBY.
( typing )
OKAY.
LET'S DO JULIE.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HER?
SHE'S NOT RACHEL.
THIS IS PUMPKIN PIE
WITH A MOCKOLATE
COOKIE CRUMB CRUST.
THIS IS MOCKOLATE
CRANBERRY CAKE,
AND THESE ARE
MOCKOLATE CHIP COOKIES,
JUST LIKE THE INDIANS SERVED.
OH, MY GOD!
"OH, MY GOD" GOOD?
OH, MY GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU LET ME PUT THIS IN MY MOUTH.
OH! OH! SWEET LORD!
THIS IS WHAT EVIL
MUST TASTE LIKE.
I'M TELLING YOU,
THIS THING WON'T PRINT.
YES, I PRESSED THAT BUTTON,
LIKE, A HUNDRED TIMES.
YOU KNOW, FOR A HOT LINE,
YOU'RE NOT SO HOT.
WHAT...
WHAT IS THAT IN THE BACKGROUND?
ARE YOU WATCHING STAR TREK?!
HEY.
SO HOW'D IT GO WITH JULIE?
DID YOU-- DID YOU
BREAK HER HEART?
YES.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
SHE CRIED, I CRIED.
SHE THREW THINGS,
THEY HIT ME.
HMM.
ANYWAY...
I DID THE RIGHT THING.
SO, SPOCK ACTUALLY HUGS
HIS FATHER?
HEY, DO YOU
GUYS HAVE..?
HI.
WHERE YOU GOING?
I, UH, I JUST GOT BACK
FROM, UH... FROM JULIE'S.
OH.
NO, NO, UH...
IT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
IT'S... UM,
IT'S THE OTHER THING.
WELL... WHAT'S THE OTHER THING?
WHAT DO I THINK?
WELL, UH...
HE BROKE UP WITH JULIE.
WELL, GO HUG HER,
FOR GOD'S SAKES.
REALLY?
REALLY.
IT'S ALWAYS BEEN YOU,
RACH.
OH, GOD...
OH...
OH, THIS IS GOOD,
THIS IS REALLY GOOD.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
IT'S... IT'S ALMOST...
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE GO TAKE
A WALK-- JUST US, NOT THEM?
OKAY. LET ME GET MY COAT.
NO-- HEY! I'LL GET YOUR COAT.
OKAY.
HE'S GOING TO GET MY COAT.
HE'S GOING TO GET MY COAT!
OH, MY GOD, YOU GUYS,
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS!
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE!
WHAT'S THAT?
WHAT?!
NOTHING!
WHAT IS THAT?
I SAW MY NAME.
WHAT IS IT?
NO, NO. SEE? SEE?
HEY, IT'S PRINTING.
HEY, IT'S PRINTING!
WELL, WHAT IS IT?
LET ME SEE.
HEY, SOMEONE ORDER A COAT?
ROSS, CHANDLER WROTE SOMETHING
ABOUT ME ON HIS COMPUTER
AND HE WON'T LET ME SEE.
HE WON'T... HE WON'T?
HE...
BECAUSE ISN'T THAT, ISN'T
THAT THE... THE SHORT STORY
YOU WERE WRITING?
YES, YES, IT IS
THE SHORT STORY...
THAT I WAS WRITING.
AND I'M IN IT?
WELL, LET ME READ IT!
( all )
NO.
COME ON!
HEY, UH, WHY DON'T
YOU READ IT TO HER?
ALL RIGHT.
( slowly ):
"IT WAS SUMMER.
"AND IT WAS HOT.
RACHEL WAS THERE."
HUH?
"A LONELY GRAY COUCH.
"'OH, LOOK,' CRIED NED.
AND THEN THE KINGDOM WAS HIS
FOREVER. THE END."
THAT'S IT?
THAT'S ALL YOU WROTE?
YOU'RE THE WORST WRITER
IN THE WHOLE WORLD!
ALL RIGHT,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS ISN'T FUNNY ANYMORE.
THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT ME
ON THAT PIECE OF PAPER
AND I WANT TO SEE IT.
NO, YOU DON'T.
ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT? FINE.
IF YOU GUYS WANT TO BE CHILDREN
ABOUT THIS, THAT'S FINE.
I DO NOT NEED... TO SEE IT!
( guys yelling )
GO, GO, GO!
OOH!
WHAT IS THIS?
THAT IS...
THAT'S, THAT'S...
UH...
ROSS, WHAT IS THIS?
THANK YOU.
GOOD LUCK.
OKAY... JUST REMEMBER HOW CRAZY
I AM ABOUT YOU, OKAY?
"KIND OF DITZY"?
"TOO INTO HER LOOKS"?
"SPOILED"?
NOW, THAT'S
"A LITTLE SPOILED."
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO TYPE
"LITTLE", THE IDIOT.
"JUST A WAITRESS"?
NOW, THAT... THAT WAS, UH...
I MEAN, AS OPPOSED TO, UH...
THE, UH...
OKAY, IS THIS OVER YET?
RACH?
OH! I DO NOT HAVE
CHUBBY ANKLES.
NO, I...
NO, NO, RACH!
OKAY, LOOK AT THE OTHER SIDE.
LOOK AT JULIE'S COLUMN.
"SHE'S NOT RACHEM"?
NO...
WHAT THE HELL'S
A RACHEM?
IS THAT SOME STUPID
PALEONTOLOGY WORD
THAT I WOULDN'T KNOW
BECAUSE I'M JUST
A WAITRESS?
RACH, COME ON! RACH...
RACH! RACH! NO, NO, NO!
IT'S "SHE'S NOT RACHEL."
SHE'S... SHE'S NOT...
RA...
RACHEL?
MY DIARY... MY DIARY--
THAT'S BRILLIANT! I SHOULD HAVE
TOLD HER IT WAS MY DIARY!
SHE NEVER WOULD HAVE MADE ME
READ HER MY DIARY!
NO, THAT'S TRUE.
YOU'D BE A GREAT PERSON
TO HAVE AROUND
THE DAY AFTER
AN EMERGENCY.
I CANNOT BELIEVE ROSS
EVEN MADE THIS LIST.
I KNOW.
WHAT A DINKUS.
HEY, CUT HIM SOME SLACK.
IT WAS CHANDLER'S IDEA.
WHAT?!
OH, GOOD, I WAS HOPING
THAT WOULD COME UP.
THIS WAS YOUR IDEA?
WHAT WERE YOU
THINKING?
LET'S GET SOME PERSPECTIVE
HERE, OKAY?
THESE THINGS,
THEY HAPPEN FOR A REASON.
YEAH-- YOU!
ALL RIGHT, PHEEBS,
BACK ME UP HERE, OKAY?
YOU BELIEVE IN THAT
KARMA CRAP, DON'T YOU?
YEAH. BY THE WAY,
GOOD LUCK IN YOUR NEXT LIFE
AS A DUNG
BEETLE.
( sighs )
RACH-- WHOOPS!
RACH!
HEY! OPEN UP! PLEASE?
WHEN SOMEBODY DOES NOT BUZZ YOU
IN, ROSS, THAT MEANS "GO AWAY."
THAT DOESN'T MEAN "PLEASE
CLIMB UP THE FIRE ESCAPE."
I JUST WANT TO READ YOU
SOMETHING-- YOUR "PRO" LIST.
NOT INTERESTED.
OKAY. "NUMBER ONE:
"THE WAY YOU CRY AT GAME SHOWS.
"NUMBER TWO: HOW MUCH
YOU LOVE YOUR FRIENDS.
"NUMBER THREE: THE WAY
YOU PLAY WITH YOUR HAIR
"WHEN YOU'RE NERVOUS.
"NUMBER FOUR:
HOW BRAVE YOU ARE
"FOR STARTING
YOUR LIFE OVER.
"NUMBER FIVE: "HOW GREAT
YOU ARE WITH BEN.
"NUMBER SIX:
THE WAY YOU SMELL."
HEY, ROSS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HEY, JOEY, YOU WANT
TO OPEN THE WINDOW?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
OUT THERE?
I... I'M, UM...
OH, MY GOSH,
YOU MUST BE FREEZING!
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU NEED?
HOW ABOUT A NICE, STEAMING
CUP OF HOT MOCKOLATE?
RACH, COME ON, OPEN UP.
RACH, COME ON.
YOU GOT TO GIVE ME
ANOTHER CHANCE.
NO.
NO?
THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
LOOK, MAYBE
WE SHOULD GO.
NO, YOU GUYS,
YOU REALLY DON'T HAVE TO GO.
WE'RE DONE TALKING.
I KNOW HOW YOU MUST...
NO, YOU DON'T, ROSS.
IMAGINE
THE WORST THINGS YOU'D
THINK ABOUT YOURSELF.
NOW, HOW WOULD YOU FEEL
IF THE ONE PERSON YOU TRUSTED
THE MOST IN THE WORLD
NOT ONLY THINKS THEM TOO
BUT ACTUALLY USES THEM AS
REASONS NOT TO BE WITH YOU.
NO, BUT, BUT...
SEE, I WANT TO BE WITH YOU
IN SPITE OF ALL THOSE THINGS.
OH! WELL, THAT'S...
THAT'S MIGHTY
BIG OF YOU, ROSS.
I SAID, DON'T GO!
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF THINGS WERE
THE OTHER WAY AROUND
THERE WAS NOTHING
YOU COULD PUT ON A LIST
THAT WOULD EVER MAKE ME
NOT WANT TO BE WITH YOU.
WELL... THEN I GUESS THAT'S
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN US.
SEE, I'D NEVER MAKE A LIST.
I NEVER KNOW HOW LONG
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO WAIT
IN THIS TYPE OF SITUATION
BEFORE YOU CAN TALK AGAIN
YOU KNOW?
MAYBE A LITTLE LONGER.
NOW, IN SOME OF THESE RECIPES
THE QUANTITIES MAY SEEM
JUST A LITTLE UNUSUAL.
LIKE THESE
COCONUT-MOCKOLATE
HOLIDAY NUT BARS?
I'VE INDICATED
FOUR CUPS OF COCONUT,
FOUR CUPS OF CRUSHED NUT
AND ONLY, UH, ONE TABLESPOON
OF MOCKOLATE.
DOESN'T MATTER.
WHAT?
OUR F.D.A. APPROVAL
DIDN'T COME THROUGH.
SOMETHING ABOUT
LABORATORY RATS.
OH, GOSH, I'M SORRY.
YEAH...
HELL, ANYHOO, HERE'S YOUR CHECK
AND THANK YOU FOR
ALL THE TROUBLE
YOU WENT THROUGH.
UH, LISTEN, YOU DIDN'T
EAT A LOT OF IT
WHILE YOU WERE COOKING,
DID YOU?
WELL, UH, I ATE SOME.
OH, SOME-- THAT'S FINE.
SOME IS FINE.
SOME IS NOT "A LOT."
OKAY.
SO IT DOESN'T BURN
WHEN YOU PEE, DOES IT?
( ringing )
HELLO?
HI.
IS THAT HIM AGAIN?
TELL HIM I'D COME TO THE PHONE
BUT MY ANKLES
ARE WEIGHING ME DOWN.
LISTEN, I DON'T THINK
THIS IS THE BEST TIME.
LOOK, CAN... CAN YOU
DO SOMETHING FOR ME?
SURE. WHAT?
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
MUSIC?
SURE.
( rock tune ending )
Deejay:
The next one's dedicated
to Rachel from Ross.
Rachel, he wants you to know
he's deeply sorry
for what he did.
He hopes you can find it
in your heart to forgive him.
( love song playing )
( song continues )
( song stops )
Deejay:
Uh, we've just gotten a call
from Rachel
and she told us what Ross did.
It's pretty appalling,
and, Ross, if you're listening
I don't want to play
your song anymore.
Why don't we devote our time to
a couple that stands a chance?
( heavy metal intro )
Avery, Michelle is sorry
she hit you with her car
and she hopes you two
will work it out.
♪ There's a room where ♪
♪ I can go and ♪
♪ Tell my secrets to ♪
♪ In my room ♪
♪ In my room. ♪
HI. THANKS FOR
COMING IN AGAIN.
OH, NOT AT ALL.
I HAVE NO MORALS,
AND I NEED THE CASH.
IT'S LIKE I'M LOOKING
IN A MIRROR.
ANYWAY,
THEY'RE CALLED "FISHTACHIOS."
NOW. THEY TASTE EXACTLY LIKE
PISTACHIOS, BUT THEY'RE
MADE PRIMARILY OF
RECONSTITUTED FISH BITS.
HERE. TRY ONE.
ALL RIGHT...
YOU'RE NOT ALLERGIC
TO ANYTHING, ARE YOU?
CAT HAIR.
OH. SORRY.